posts/right-team-configuration.md, before:

---
title: The Right Team Configuration
description: What does the right software structure look like? How do I know if I've got it right?
date: 2020-09-17
tags:
  - software
  - business
  - management
layout: layouts/post.njk
---

Our company has been rather fortunate in the last year, given all the world events. We've seen confident, measured stewardship from our founders and senior leadership that have meant we're actually growing our team when other businesses have had to let people go. Having brought two new developers on at the start of this year, I had to make some decisions around what the best approach to delivering our product in a sustained way would be.

## Outcomes vs Structures

> Any organization that designs a system (defined more broadly here than just information systems) will inevitably produce a design whose structure is a copy of the organization's communication structure - Conway's Law

It's still very common to see technology teams built around the architecture of the product: front-end teams building UI and features, back-end teams handling the infrastructure and low-level business logic. Those teams make sense on the face of it, but become hard to scale in ways that allow cross-functional collaboration and flow of ideas and effort.

Commit message:

update to team config post

posts/right-team-configuration.md, after:

---
title: The Right Team Configuration
description: What does the right software structure look like? How do I know if I've got it right?
date: 2020-09-17
tags:
  - software
  - business
  - management
layout: layouts/post.njk
---

Our company has been rather fortunate in the last year, given all the world events. We've seen confident, measured stewardship from our founders and senior leadership that have meant we're actually growing our team when other businesses have had to let people go. Having brought two new developers on at the start of this year, I had to make some decisions around what the best approach to delivering our product in a sustained way would be.

## Outcomes vs Structures

> Any organization that designs a system (defined more broadly here than just information systems) will inevitably produce a design whose structure is a copy of the organization's communication structure - Conway's Law

It's still very common to see technology teams built around the architecture of the product: front-end teams building UI and features, back-end teams handling the infrastructure and low-level business logic. Those teams make sense on the face of it, but become hard to scale in ways that allow cross-functional collaboration and flow of ideas and effort. Scheduling each team's deliverables can be a massive headache as each team scales at different rates and compromises in the sake of expediency create downstream problems on software maintainability, architectural complexity and more. Teams become wedded to, and focused on, the technologies rather than the product. 

A better approach is to keep your teams aligned to the intended customer or product outcomes. This is where the manager comes to the fore: not only making the decision about _how_ to break out different work groups, but ensuring there is an abundance of clear communication on _why_ those workgroups are structured that way and what the standards and goals are for each of them.

## Cognitive Load

Throughout the later half of last year, one of the biggest challenges my teams were facing was work in progress (WIP) and context-switching. The cognitive load being demanded of the individual contributors was too high. People who were supposed to be focusing on specialist skill areas were unable because they were being tasked on helping out in other domains. Teams were nominally structured around our market focus, but were predominantly software-centric and much of the operational work was obfuscated. There was an increasing disconnect between a team's stated purpose and the make-up of people actually working on specific tasks.

Cognitive load is reduced when there is a clear ownership of a domain or product outcome. A team that has a remit to drive a feature or project from inception all the way through to delivery is able to focus their energy and coordinate their communication lines more effectively than a team that has to rely on "outside" help in order to complete their work.

Remember, in Conway's Law (above), there is a clear trend in any organisation to build software that reflects the communication structures it relies on. So the more stakeholders you have in a given outcome, the proportionally more communication channels that need to be invoked. 

## Team Topologies

A respected colleague of mine pointed me towards the idea of "[Team Topologies](https://teamtopologies.com)". The essence of that idea is building software that fits in the teams' heads. The amount of mental effort required to visualise the whole component (or feature, or workflow) should be discrete and manageable. If you work on features that disappear into other teams before emerging again before being pushed to production months later, building a team around a specific software function might seem easy, but will cause bigger problems later as people try to understand complexity in systems, communication and responsibility.

Taking socio-technical approaches to building software allows the business to create solutions that leverage the human contributions in the most optimal, effective way. A
